README.md, before:

# byjohnmichael.com

Portfolio website for John Michael

Directed and creative decisions made [By John Michael](https://byjohnmichael.com)

## Prerequisites
- Node.js (version 20 or higher)

## Installation
1. Clone or download this project
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/byjohnmichael/byjohnmichael.com.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd byjohnmichael.com
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Project Commands

### Local Development (npm run start)
1. Run the start script
    ```bash
    npm run start
    ```
2. Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:7777`

### Local Development with Vercel (npm run vercel)
1. Install vercel via npx, follow the instructions to link account and project
    ```bash
    npx vercel
    ```
2. Run the Vercel startup script
    ```bash
    npm run vercel
    ```
3. Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:7777`

### Production Build (npm run build)
1. Run the build script
    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```
2. Production contained in the ```build/``` folder
---
[By John Michael](https://byjohnmichael.com)

Commit message:

Enhance README with project details and version
Added project description and version to README.

README.md, after:

# byjohnmichael.com

### 1.0.0

A digital space expressing John Michael's creative identity and projects. Built with a minimalist approach, it reflects his focus on precision, clarity, and deliberate design. The layout emphasizes balance and restraint, highlighting his dedication to clean structure and thoughtful visual rhythm. It stands as both a reflection of his process and a platform for his evolving body of work.

Directed and creative decisions made [By John Michael](https://byjohnmichael.com)

## Prerequisites
- Node.js (version 20 or higher)

## Installation
1. Clone or download this project
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/byjohnmichael/byjohnmichael.com.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd byjohnmichael.com
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Project Commands

### Local Development (npm run start)
1. Run the start script
    ```bash
    npm run start
    ```
2. Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:7777`

### Local Development with Vercel (npm run vercel)
1. Install vercel via npx, follow the instructions to link account and project
    ```bash
    npx vercel
    ```
2. Run the Vercel startup script
    ```bash
    npm run vercel
    ```
3. Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:7777`

### Production Build (npm run build)
1. Run the build script
    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```
2. Production contained in the ```build/``` folder
---
[By John Michael](https://byjohnmichael.com)
